Projects.md, before:

Projects
========

List of tasks for the course projects.

## Structured Programming

### Project #1

Implement the following graphical applications. Use the Processing library to
draw 2D primitives on the screen.

1. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YoESgC_4yX1dMtZJywkV7bDyF_vCF9eW/view?usp=sharing>
2. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vIqcadq2_M_D3LCgolWhrIKUjz__6ytp/view?usp=sharing>
3. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aFHFavgWuZg-DXUSfMaZd0asS-tfG7Vt/view?usp=sharing>
4. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1H3Jj1sJskLEcAW3bJZR5u5zRCsTHhDpO/view?usp=sharing>
5. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xHm3TuQwuDu7_WdQsvhzXHeL-GPbp_GT/view?usp=sharing>
6. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/15VgM1TGo1k-aLBPodI_-JgIU4DHVZvn2/view?usp=sharing>
7. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CqHTogqF8DGSfsvPeGZMDz4gRNLMihxh/view?usp=sharing>
8. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1harfuTzvmExPy_CiH2VqjrLk8EYvBO67/view?usp=sharing>

Name your files in the src directory `Problem01`, `Problem02`, ...

The documentation for the Processing library can be found here

* <https://processing.org/reference>

Note, that complex shapes in video files are formed from simple 2D primitives.

Commit message:

Add info about Project 2 for Fall 2021

Projects.md, after:

Projects
========

List of tasks for the course projects.

## Structured Programming

### Project #1

Implement the following graphical applications. Use the Processing library to
draw 2D primitives on the screen.

1. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YoESgC_4yX1dMtZJywkV7bDyF_vCF9eW/view?usp=sharing>
2. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vIqcadq2_M_D3LCgolWhrIKUjz__6ytp/view?usp=sharing>
3. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aFHFavgWuZg-DXUSfMaZd0asS-tfG7Vt/view?usp=sharing>
4. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1H3Jj1sJskLEcAW3bJZR5u5zRCsTHhDpO/view?usp=sharing>
5. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xHm3TuQwuDu7_WdQsvhzXHeL-GPbp_GT/view?usp=sharing>
6. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/15VgM1TGo1k-aLBPodI_-JgIU4DHVZvn2/view?usp=sharing>
7. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CqHTogqF8DGSfsvPeGZMDz4gRNLMihxh/view?usp=sharing>
8. <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1harfuTzvmExPy_CiH2VqjrLk8EYvBO67/view?usp=sharing>

Name your files in the src directory `Problem01.java`, `Problem02.java`, ...

The documentation for the Processing library can be found here

* <https://processing.org/reference>

Note, that complex shapes in video files are formed from simple 2D primitives.

### Project #2

Implement the [15 Puzzle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/15_puzzle) game (Пятнашки)
with the Processing library. You have to implement keyboard and mouse control in
your game. You will get only half the points for the Project for just
implementing one of the control schemes.

<https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VrxdsjjaFXxgOsRIX7MI9eZsjso4FH4D/view?usp=sharing>

Name your main file in the src directory `Fifteen.java`.
